Add info to R readme (#261)
biomage-ltd/worker: r/README.md

# worker-r

The Cellenics single cell data analysis tasks executor, written in R.

## Overview

The R part of the worker runs the data analysis tasks. It fullfills the following functions:

- Loads the processed `SeuratObject` for the experiment id assigned to the pod, reloading it if the associated file changes.
- Creates a local REST API specific to the assigned experiment id with [RestRserve](https://restrserve.org/index.html) that listens for requests from the Python worker.
- Runs the task function specified in the request from the Python worker.
- Returns the results back to the Python worker.

## Setup

> The R worker runs uses R version 4.0.5. To check your R version, you can run the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The R worker (as of Jan 2022) uses R version **4.0.5**. To check your R version, you can run the following command
```

Author: Added

    # Enter the R REPL
    $ R

    > R.Version()$version.string

>     [1] "R version 4.0.5 (2021-03-31)"

Reviewer: `R --version` in a shell works too

> If you have a different version of R, please uninstall the installation. Once the package is uninstalled,download the required R version from the [CRAN hosted site](https://cran.r-project.org/bin/). Using the Homebrew distribution of R is not recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a different version of R, please uninstall it, using the instructions in the [R manual](https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/R-admin.html#Uninstalling-under-macOS). Once the package is uninstalled, download the required R version from the [CRAN hosted site](https://cran.r-project.org/bin/). For macOS, the required binaries are [here](https://cran.r-project.org/bin/macosx/base/). **Using the Homebrew distribution of R is not recommended.**
```

Author: changed

Some packages on MacOS X requires the Fortran compiler to compile. According to the [tooling page](https://cran.r-project.org/bin/macosx/tools/), R on Mac OSX requires GNU Fortran 8.2, which can be download from [gFortran for MacOS releases page](https://github.com/fxcoudert/gfortran-for-macOS/releases).

### Development with RStudio

The R worker is provided as a RStudio project, complete with a `renv`
definition. It might be useful to run things interactively in certain
development scenarios; to do so, you should have the correct R version installed (check `renv.lock.init` file for it). Open the `.Rproj` file with Rstudio and run in the R terminal:

    renv::restore()

Most of the development is done using RStudio. To

### Development with Visual Studio Code

> Aside from RStudio, development can also be done inside a development container that is automatically built, run, and managed by Visual Studio Code. You must have the [Remote - Containers](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers) extension installed, as specified in the main README.

Reviewer: Maybe add link to main README?

Author: I think we should improve on these READMEs (main, python and R) to make the distinction between these different READMEs clearer.
